%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

 \newpage
 \normalfont\normalsize

 \vspace*{10pt}

 \huge\bf\noindent
 Lecture Notes in \\[-10pt]
 Operations Research   \hfill   {\fontsize{50pt}{50pt}\selectfont 7 \quad}

 \vskip 10pt

 \Large\rm\noindent
 Series Editors: \\
 \quad Ding-Zhu Du and Xiang-Sun Zhang

 \vskip 30pt

 \Huge\bf\noindent
 OPTIMIZATION AND \\
 SYSTEMS BIOLOGY

 \vskip 10pt

 \large\rm\noindent
 The First International Symposium, OSB'07 \\
 Beijing, China, August 8--10, 2007 \\
 Proceedings

 \vskip 30pt

 \Large\rm\noindent
 Edited by \\[3pt]
 \quad  Xiang-Sun Zhang \\
 \quad  Luonan Chen \\
 \quad  Ling-Yun Wu \\
 \quad  Yong Wang

 \vfill

 \Large\rm\noindent
 WORLD PUBLISHING CORPORATION


%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

 \newpage
 \normalfont\normalsize

 \vspace*{10pt}

 \noindent{\bf Series Editors}

 \vskip 10pt

 \noindent
 \begin{tabular}{@{}p{0.48\textwidth}p{0.48\textwidth}@{}}
  Ding-Zhu Du                                \newline
  Department of Computer Science             \newline
  University of Texas at Dallas              \newline
  Richardson, TX 75083-0688, USA
 &
  Xiang-Sun Zhang                            \newline
  Institute of Applied Mathematics           \newline
  Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science \newline
  Chinese Academy of Science                 \newline
  Beijing 100080, P.R. China
 \end{tabular}

 \vskip 30pt

 \noindent{\bf Volume Editors}

 \vskip 10pt

 \noindent
 Xiang-Sun Zhang \\
 Luonan Chen \\
 Ling-Yun Wu \\
 Yong Wang

 \vfill

 \noindent
 Published by {\bf World Publishing Corporation} \\
 137 Chaonei Dajie, Beijing 100010 \\
 The People's Republic of China

 \vskip 10pt

 \noindent
 Copyright \copyright{}2007 by World Publishing Corporation \\

 \it\noindent
 The book has been photographically reproduced from the best
 available copy. Unauthorized use might infringe on privately owned
 patents of publication rights. Please contact the individual
 authors for the permission to reprint or otherwise use information
 from their papers.

 \vskip 10pt

 \bf\noindent
 ISBN 978-7-5062-7292-6/O$\cdot$568

 \vskip 10pt

 \rm\noindent
 Printed in the People's Republic of China


%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

 \newpage
 \normalfont\normalsize

 \centerline{\bf\Large ABOUT OSB 2007}

 \bigskip

 \noindent{\bf THEME AND SCOPE}

 \medskip

 \noindent
The First International Symposium on Optimization and Systems
Biology (OSB 2007), organized by Academy of Mathematics and Systems
Science within Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai University and
The University of Tokyo is held in Beijing, China from August 8 to
10, 2007. The symposium is sponsored by National Natural Science
Foundation of China (NSFC).

 \medskip

 \noindent
Systems Biology has become intensive research topics in the recent
past decade and attracted much attention of scientists in various
areas, such Biology, Mathematics, Physics, and Computer Science.
Instead of analyzing individual components or aspects of the
organism, systems biology is to study an organism, viewed as a
dynamical and interacting network of genes, proteins and biochemical
reactions which give rise to life. Many mathematical methods have
been adopted in the field. In particular, optimization and
statistics play a key role in analyzing and understanding biological
mechanisms from system-wide viewpoints. The purpose of OSB 2007 is
to provide an international forum for scientists, researchers,
educators, and practitioners to exchange ideas and approaches, to
present research findings and state-of-the-art solutions in this
interdisciplinary field, including optimization methods and their
applications on various aspects of Systems Biology.

 \medskip

 \noindent
Theme of the OSB 2007 is interdisciplinary and focuses on
computational aspect of Optimization and Computational Systems
Biology. We are particularly interested in submissions for the
research works motivated by biological problems. Typical, but not
exclusive, topics of interest are:

 \begin{center}
 \begin{tabular}{l}
  Optimization Theory \& Applications \\
  Approximation Algorithms \\
  Combinatorics \\
  Neural Networks \\
  Data Mining \\
  Machine Learning \\
  High Performance Computing \\
  Information Theory and Statistical Analysis \\
\\
  Gene Regulatory Network \\
  Protein Interaction Network \\
  Protein Structures and Functions \\
  Comparative Genomics \\
  Microbial Community Analysis \\
  Quantitative Models of Cellular \& Multi-Cellular Systems \\
  Designing and Modeling Synthetic Biological Systems \\
  Nonlinear Dynamics and Analysis of Biological Systems
 \end{tabular}
 \end{center}

 \bigskip

 \noindent
 \begin{tabular}{@{}p{0.48\textwidth}p{0.48\textwidth}@{}}
  {\bf PROGRAM COMMITTEE}             \medskip \\
  Kazuyuki Aihara (Japan), Co-Chair \\
  Luonan Chen (China), Co-Chair     \\
  Xiang-Sun Zhang (China), Co-Chair \\
  Tatsuya Akutsu (Japan)           & Guojun Li (China)         \\
  William R. Atchley (USA)         & Jie Liang (USA)           \\
  Xiuli Chao (USA)                 & Haiyan Liu (China)        \\
  Runsheng Chen (China)            & Jun Liu (USA)             \\
  Kwang-Hyun Cho (Korea)           & Zengrong Liu (China)      \\
  Ali Cinar (USA)                  & Hiroshi Mamitsuka (Japan) \\
  Naiyang Deng (China)             & Kenji Mizuguchi (Japan)   \\
  Andreas Dress (China)            & Haruki Nakamura (Japan)   \\
  Ding-Zhu Du (USA)                & Yi Pan (USA)              \\
  Shu-Cherng Fang (USA)            & Yonghong Peng (UK)        \\
  Susumu Goto (Japan)              & Stephen Wong (USA)        \\
  De-Shuang Huang (China)          & Jiarui Wu (China)         \\
  Jenn-Kang Hwang (Taiwan, China)  & Yu Xia (USA)              \\
  Christopher Lee (USA)            & Dong Xu (USA)             \\
  Doheon Lee (Korea)               & Yaoqi Zhou (USA)          \\
 \end{tabular}

% \newpage
 \bigskip

 \noindent{\bf PROCEEDING PAPERS AND CONTRIBUTING AUTHORS}

 \medskip

 \noindent
In Proceedings of the First International Symposium on Optimization
and Systems Biology (OSB 2007), the papers are indexed by ISTP
(Index to Scientific \& Technical Proceedings).

 \medskip

 \noindent
Fifty three full papers in this volume cover wide range of
optimization and systems biology. Authors of these papers come from
Australia, China mainland, France, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea,
Thailand, UK, and the United States. Many active researchers in
various areas contributed their overview and introduction in their
fields besides specific deep research achievements. During the
symposium, focusing sessions are organized such as in optimization,
systems biology, bioinformatics, feature selection and extraction,
networks in cellular systems, dynamic of molecular networks, support
vector machine, computational models and algorithms.

 \medskip

 \noindent
OSB 2007 is held in Beijing, the capital of China, a metropolis
mingled with tradition and modernity. We hope all the participants
will enjoy very much not only the academic exchange, but also the
rich cultural heritage of Beijing.

 \bigskip

 \noindent{\bf AVAILABILITY}

 \medskip

 \noindent
The electronic version of the proceedings can be downloaded from the
web sites of ORSC and APORC.

 \smallskip

 \noindent
\begin{tabular}{@{}ll@{}}
 ORSC: & \url{http://www.orsc.org.cn} \\
 APORC: & \url{http://www.aporc.org}
\end{tabular}
